Docs 7996 add kerberos example to HDFS (#746)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: modules/ROOT/pages/hdfs/hdfs-connector.adoc

= Hadoop (HDFS) Connector - Mule 4
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

Support Category: https://www.mulesoft.com/legal/versioning-back-support-policy#anypoint-connectors[Select]

> Hadoop (HDFS) Connector Version v6.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hadoop (HDFS) Connector Version 6.0
```

> Anypoint Connector for the Hadoop Distributed File System (HDFS) (Hadoop (HDFS) Connector) is used as a bidirectional gateway between Mule applications and HDFS. You can use this connector to poll the content of a file at a configurable rate or interval, or to manipulate data in an HDFS server.

Reviewer: active voice
Also, in this specific context, reworded to avoid too many parentheses in one place, because of the wonky naming.
```suggestion
Anypoint Connector for Hadoop (HDFS) works as a bidirectional gateway between Mule applications and Apache Hadoop Distributed File System (HDFS). You can use the Hadoop (HDFS) Connector to poll the content of a file at a configurable rate or interval, or to manipulate data in an HDFS server.
```

For information about compatibility and fixed issues, see xref:release-notes::connector/hdfs-connector-release-notes-mule-4.adoc[Hadoop (HDFS) Connector Release Notes] 

== Prerequisites

> To use this connector, you must be familiar with the following concepts:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use this connector, you must be familiar with:
```

> * Anypoint connectors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Anypoint Connectors
```

* Mule runtime engine (Mule)
* Elements in a Mule flow
* Global elements
* How to create a Mule app using Design Center or Anypoint Studio

Before creating an app, you must have:

* Access to the Hadoop (HDFS) target resource and Anypoint Platform 
* Anypoint Studio version 7.0 or later 

> * An instance of Hadoop Distributed File System running

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A running instance of Hadoop Distributed File System (HDFS)
```

== Audience

> * Starting user

Reviewer: Hmm...I know this is in the template, but how would the team feel about changing it to "First-time" or "New" user?
Or maybe even "Beginning" or "Established"? 
What precisely do we mean, in the spectrum of first-ever to fairly advanced?

Author: I don't know what it means and I have never liked this section at all. I actually wanted to remove it entirely but was overruled.

+
To create your Mule app, see:
** xref:hdfs/hdfs-connector-studio.adoc[Studio Configuration]

> ** xref:hdfs/hdfs-connector-examples.adoc[Examples], which has use cases for the connector

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** xref:hdfs/hdfs-connector-examples.adoc[Examples], which comprises illustrative connector use cases
```

+
* Power user
+
Read the following topics: 
** xref:hdfs/hdfs-connector-xml-maven.adoc[XML and Maven Support]
** xref:hdfs/hdfs-connector-examples.adoc[Examples]  

> == Connection Types

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Connection Authentication Types
```
Standardize to this or just "connection types" or "authentication types"

> The following connection authentication types are supported:

Reviewer: Reword to active voice? WHAT supports the following types, the connector or Mule or HDFS or...?

* Kerberos +

> This connection type uses the Kerberos principal as the username, and the keytab path you specify is used to obtain a ticket granting ticket (TGT) from the authorization server. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This connection type uses the Kerberos principal as the username. The keytab path you specify obtains a ticket-granting ticket (TGT) from the authorization server. 
```

* Simple +

>  For this connection type, you provide the name node of the file system to which to connect, and it is passed to the HDFS client as the default name key.

Reviewer: parallelism
```suggestion
This connection type passes the name of the node that contains the file system you want to connect to as the default name key.
```
Hmm...reread to see if this still makes sense. Might need a tweak.
